---
tags:
  - notes
---
#### Arrival 
We have arrived at a large spaceport; the capital city of [[Steralis]].

Steralis is fairly remote. It's a border Union planet, far enough out they have their own monarchy and as long as they don't make trouble, no one bothers them about it. Things at the province level are fairly autonomous. After the death of the previous king, there have been some power struggles and no regency has been defined yet. We've been summoned because there's some kind of group rebeling against the monarchy, and the group seems to be much better resourced than expected. Trying to research the struggles from off-planet is a little difficult because you can find records of incidents but no explanations of what triggered them.

> _Ethan: "There is no one at the level of Baron Puppy Kicker."_

[[Cooper Ellys]] and [[Veda Sulati]] arrive and sign up together, the initial contract is a little vague as they're not going to assign people to lancer units until they know how many people they have. As lancers we get small private rooms like a hotel. While waiting, Cooper wanders her hallway and finds someone ([[Giani]]) to play cards with in an attempt to gather information. 

> *Ethan: "What kind of, are you going for like a child's card game or poker?"*
> *Angela: "She brought her yu-gi-oh deck."*

Cooper suggests a simple game of poker and Giani suggests making it more interesting with some very strong drinks. Cooper agrees to have one over the course of the game, and Giani says he'll just drink her share, which makes the game get much easier as they go. Cooper idly asks if he's heard of any names from her list, but he hasn't.

[[Evelyn Garve]] takes longer to read the contract out of concern it will lock her out of her usual work. She thinks it looks odd but her NHP assures her it's fine.

> *Chris: "You just run it through your NHP and it says 'become ungovernable.'"*
> *Angela rolls again to see if she believes the NHP. "That's a one!"*
> *Chris: "It took you two rolls."*

Eventually we receive a summons to meet in room and report to Officer [[Lance Beal]]. 

> *Chris: "Really? Lance Lancer?"*
> *Ethan: "Yes."*
> *Angela: "Lance Lancer."*
> *Jessee: "Does he have a dragonite?"*
> *Ethan: "He does not."*
> *Angela: "Corporal Lance Lancer."*

Cooper and Veda get there first and catch up briefly, Evelyn arrives and introduces herself. Evelyn recognizes Veda's name, and we do brief introductions.

> *Angela: "It'd be weirder if I didn't know your name, right?"*
> *Chris: "You made your DC 10 bardic knowledge roll."*
> *Angela: "Did I?"*
> *Chris: "You didn't roll it, so yes."*

#### Meeting Lance and getting our orders
We discuss what everyone pilots and that if there are three of us in a unit they must be dealing with something formidable. After a bit Lance enters and greets us. He tells us this is his first command and we've been stationed at [[Tal Astero]].

They've been getting reports from rural residents about being harassed by insurgents with mechs, some of which have been odd. The royal garrison has been unable to find anything or stop it. The locals have petitioned for support, and we're being sent. It's been hard for them to get a count of how many insurgents there are. They've confirmed 5 unique units, but since they're not sure how mobile the insurgents are they estimate it could be up to 50. Lance clarifies the insurgents are attacking smaller settlements to steal resources, such as ores. They don't have any footage.

Veda is concerned at the lack of information we have to work with, but there's not much else to be done for it. Evelyn and Cooper agree we can go talk to the locals and see what we can find. We confirm there's no intelligence support out there, but supplies us with a map and markings for where the attacks have happened. Lance says he understands some of this operation may be just waiting for them to strike and moving when they do, hopefully quickly enough to catch them. He'd rather us attempt to capture and interrogate someone.

We discuss and determine that we should have a shot caller in the field. Cooper points out she'll blink out of reality in her mech so she might not be an optimal choice, and since Veda has more combat experience than Evelyn, we nominate Veda.
#### Secret cafeteria
After plenty of back-and-forth, he tells us he'll take us to the good cafeteria, which we are amused by. 

> *Chris: "No one talks about the secret cafeteria. We're Lancers, we're literally fight club."*

Lance takes us to the officer cafeteria, where [[Artria]] and [[Gwen]] wave us over. Lance introduces us all, Artria assures us she's already secured the best food and tells us to dig in. We talk about what we all pilot, and confirm that we're all working the same problem but won't be getting deployed to the same location.

> *Ethan: "Gwen mech's is called Spiral Dragon."*
> *Angela: "Spiral Dragon! Sorry, it's an exciting name."*
> *Ethan: "If you press, she says she inherited the mech when she was like eight and named it, then decided not to change it because she thought it was cool when she was eight and it turns out she was right."*
> *Chris: "Yeah, I'd name a mech Spiral Dragon now."*
> *Angela: "I respect the hell out of that. 'I named it that when I was eight, and it turns out, that still fucks'."*

It turns out all of them are native to Steralis and to Tal Astero and have known each other since childhood.

> *Angela: "Oh no, we're the side characters in their anime."*

We gather that Tal Astero is a province being ran by Governor Artem Pless, who is genuinely doing his best but is being overwhelmed by the insurgent situation. He's gone to the imperial garrison a few times for help but has been getting nothing. Cooper tries to get more specifics about what Pless needs help with.

Evelyn brings up that there were rumors of HORUS tech mixed up in this insurgency, and we talk about those rumors but no one has anything concrete. As we're discussing it, Evelyn's eye glitch out; she briefly takes off her sunglasses and explains they're artificial and act up sometimes.
#### Regional Commander
Veda and Cooper feel someone pat them on the back. Veda instinctively panics and punches them, Cooper leans out of the way, and Evelyn jumps up. The person apologizes and says they deserved that, and asks if they're the pilots of [[Dream]] and [[Raiju (Mech)||Raiju]]. She'd seen the names arriving and wanted to meet with them. Veda is still standing and Cooper tells her to sit down and introduce herself; she's [[Regional commander someone]]. She's familiar with Raiju from reputation but wants to know how Cooper came to acquire Dream. She says she knows the previous owner and he was an asshole, which Cooper agrees with. They agree they'd like to talk at more length about Dream.

Veda us still on her feet and unclearly ill at ease. Commander tells her that she knew of her father and she's happy to see someone carrying on that tradition. She heads off to the infirmary, since her nose is still bleeding.

> *Cooper: "How do you think it's going?"*
> *Commander: "It's a pain in the ass."*
> *Veda: "The food?"*
> *Commander: "This whole effort."*
> *Angela: "If it's the food, you might want to see a doctor about that."*
> *Ethan: "The pepper was too much spice for her."*
> *Chris: "This, our regional commander."*
> *Angela: "She just comes up to people and is like 'this food'."*
> *Jessee: " 'I'm just shitting fire'. "*
> *Chris: "We thought she was invading our personal space, but her ass was on afterburner. She was just trying to stop."*
> *Ethan: "The game literally has heat mechanics, so."*
> *Chris: "She was tech attacked by that chili."*

The rest of the table was somewhat stunned into silence, but conversation continues. Evelyn compliments Veda on the punch, and we all sit back down. Veda is clearly uneasy but we eventually all settle back down, and end up talking about the differences in food between planet and space, and then mechs.

> *Ethan: "HORUS would make a mind goblin."*
> *Angela chokes on food.*
> *Jessee: "Mind goblin?"*
> *Angela: "Mind gobblin' these nuts?"*

Evelyn asks again about the rumored HORUS tech, and the local share they've got some scraps  of equipment, that they think is HORUS, but it's been difficult to confirm much of anything. There are no Lancers on planet with HORUS licenses who have been willing to share. 

> *Angela, at the prospect of being in charge of shot-calling: "I cast gun, targeting myself."*
#### Side conversations
Veda takes Evelyn to meet Raiju. On the way, Evelyn explains more about her eyes being HORUS tech. 

Cooper goes to talk to the Regional Commander about Dream, and explains that the previous pilot, [[Chrom Ellys]] was her father and she inherited the licenses from him. The commander explains she and Chrom had done business in the past; she found him professional but knows he was not exactly on the up and up. Cooper explains she knows not everyone who had business with him thinks well of him, so she's trying to proactively seek out anyone in that boat. Commander assures her that she isn't looking for any kind of vengeance, and that if she knows any of the names Cooper is looking for she'd be happy to help. The commander says she doesn't know anyone on-planet who had particularly strong feelings about him, but that he was also very tight-lipped about his business. Cooper suspects not even her father knew everyone who cared about his business, but is happy to know there are no obvious threats.

Cooper asks for her impression of Lance; she hasn't seen a ton out of him yet, but thinks he has promise. She's concerned he has a lot to do to find his own voice, but she's not worried.
#### Heading out
The next morning, we're given directions on where we'll get deployed to, which is near some mountains. Our mechs will be delivered via train, so we get them all loaded up.

(0:52:06)